Update mininum RAM requirements. (#1428)
advancedtelematic/aktualizr: docs/ota-client-guide/modules/ROOT/pages/supported-boards.adoc

== Minimum hardware requirements for controllers (ECUs)

The aktualizr binary is a lightweight {cpp} application between 2-5 MB in size. It uses around 20 MB RAM, although some of that comes from shared libraries. It uses a minimum amount of other resources when idle.

The following hardware is required for your primary ECU:

> * At a minimum, aktualizr needs **64 MB of RAM** and **128 MB of storage** to run.

Reviewer: Sorry that didn't notice earlier, but I think the phrasing here is a bit confusing. Should we better say "At a minimum, system running aktualizr..."?

Reviewer 2: I agree.
```suggestion
* At a minimum, the board or device aktualizr is running on will need **64 MB of RAM** and **128 MB of storage**.
```

> * We recommend that you use a controller with **128 MB of RAM** and **512 MB storage** -- especially if you plan to process large, complex sofware updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* We recommend using a board with slightly higher specs, however. **128 MB of RAM** and **512 MB storage** are reasonable targets, especially if you plan to process large, complex software updates.
```

> * We recommend using a board with slightly higher specs, however. **256 MB of RAM** and **512 MB storage** are reasonable targets, especially if you plan to process large, complex software updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* We recommend using a board with slightly higher specs, however. **256 MB of RAM** and **512 MB storage** are reasonable targets, especially if you plan to process large, complex software updates. The aktualizr process itself won't consume significantly more RAM with larger updates, but the filesystem cache memory usage might increase.
```
